Update server running instructions (#29)
CERT-Polska/karton-dashboard: README.md

```shell
$ pip install karton-dashboard

$ karton-dashboard run -h 127.0.0.1 -p 5000
```

> The `karton-dashboard` is just a wrapper on the `flask` program so you're free to provide it with arguments accepted by flask like `-h`, `--cert=path` and so on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `karton-dashboard` is just a wrapper on the `flask` program, and it works with any arguments accepted by flask. For example `karton-dashboard --help`, or `karton-dashboard routes`. See [flask documentation](https://flask.palletsprojects.com/en/1.1.x/cli/) for more information.
```

(There is no such option as `-h`. And no option will work without karton config. But maybe no point in being that detailed)
